There is something wrong with Teddy.
Don't worry, Teddy.
The doctor's going
to find out what is wrong.
Count down from 10 now, Teddy.
You won't make it to one because
the doctor is putting you to sleep.
Now the doctor can begin his operation,
and Teddy will not feel a thing.
Now Teddy is on drugs.
The doctor cuts into Teddy's The doctor cuts into Teddy's
flesh with his medical instrument.flesh with his medical instrument.
Look, there is Teddy's bonbon layer,
which makes him sweet.
The doctor takes a closer look at Teddy's bonbons.
That isn't a healthy bonbon, Teddy.
Here is what a healthy bonbon looks like.
The doctor removes the bad bonbons.
Now let's look inside Teddy's play pouch.
The doctor says, What a mess.
More sprinkles, please.
Teddy sprinkles.
Now Teddy can play again.
But a good doctor looks deeper than that.
Oh, that is a good sign.
Teddy's crotch unicorn is healthy.
That means his imagination is healthy.
What a good sign, Teddy.
Let's look at his kidney now.
The kidney is what gives Teddy patience.
With kids. Look at Teddy's kidney crayons.
They have gangrene.
The doctor puts in nice
red healthy crayons.
You won't hate the children now, Teddy.
What is wrong with Teddy's courage?
The doctor looks inside
Teddy's courage sac.
What has happened?
What has the doctor discovered?
Oh, Look, Teddy is riddled with fear.
He is afraid.
Look at what fear does
to your courage sac.
The fear is removed and the doctor
replaces it with curiosity.
The curiosity will help Teddy's courage.
Now the doctor must explore Teddy's heart.
That is where his love comes from.
Look how big it is.
Look how much love Teddy has.
What has gone wrong?
That's it. That is what happened.
Teddy loved a bad boy.
What did the bad boy do, Teddy?
Oh, Teddy. The bad boy
broke Teddy's heart's heart.
Don't worry, the doctor
will give you a new one.
And look, here is a new
child for you to love.
I think we've done it.
It's time to seal Teddy back up.
Just look at the doctor putting Teddy back together again.
The operation is complete,
and soon Teddy will be all better again.
Good night, Teddy.
I hope you get well soon.